Dear Friend,


I am a banker by profession and currently holds the position of Chief
Auditor in our bank, I have the ability to transfer unclaimed funds of
U.S.$ 6.2 m (6.2 million dollars) that belong to one of our late
customer, who bear the same last name with you who died in a car crash
along with his Family and no one came to put claim the funds, if left
unclaimed the fund will be Transferred to the state treasury in the
bank so I invite you to a Deal where we can facilitate the transfer of
this fund, and I promise You 50% as a percentage of the fund will be
transferred into your account, meanwhile here are the needed
information from you for the facilitation of the funds.

1.Your First Name2.Your Last Name3.Your Telephone number 4.Your Age
5.Your Country6.Your occupation

To show you that we are sincere and committed in ensuring that you
receive your funds. And also for you to pay your fee. Here are another
Terms AND Physical prove of payment.

1. Our International correspondence bank will issue a BANK DRAFT OR
CASHIERS CHECK in the amount of US$6.2 Million with your Name and send
to our bank.

2. We will receive the Bank Draft and endorse at the back. We will
send the bank draft to your address free of charge. No fee payment. We
will take care of the shipment fee. You will not pay any fee to
receive the BANK DRAFT of US$6.2 Million Dollars.

3. Once you receive the Bank Draft you will pay US$4895 Dollars within
48 hrs. Once you pay this amount of $4895. Our International
Correspondence bank will send us the 4 CLEARANCE DOCUMENTS that you
will receive and use to deposit and cash the  BANK DRAFT OR CASHIERS
CHECK within 10 working days.

4. Without the CLEARANCE DOCUMENTS you will not be able to cash the
BANK DRAFT OR CASHIERS CHECK.

In this above Terms you MUST have already received the bank draft
before you will pay the fee. Be sure that you will pay your fee within
48hrs you receive the  BANK DRAFT OR CASHIERS CHECK to enable you
receive your funds as instructed.

If you are okay with these 4 Terms to reply immediately for me to
include in your name in this  BANK DRAFT OR CASHIERS CHECK Project so
that you receive it soon.

ONCE YOU CONFIRM AND ACCEPT THE TERMS. I WILL GIVE YOU THE CONTACT
INFORMATION OF THE FINANCE & SECURITY BANK IN CHARGE OF THIS PAYMENT
PROJECT SO THAT YOU WILL DEAL DIRECTLY WITH THEM AS STATED IN ABOVE
MESSAGE. THEY WILL ALSO GIVE YOU MORE DETAILS AND TRACKING NUMBER TO
TRACK THE BANK DRAFT OR CASHIERS CHECK To your address.


Best Regard,
Mr.David kekeli.